Readability improvements inbound pipeline (#4978)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/implementation/default-routing/inbound-pipeline.md

# Umbraco's request pipeline

> Umbraco's request pipeline building-up an URL, resolves the request, and returns the correct content.

Reviewer: How about this instead:

```suggestion
Umbraco's request pipeline is the process of building up a URL, resolving the requests, and returning correct content.
```

Author: @sofietoft seems good to me 😄
